[homekit.binding] Update readme (#19575)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.io.homekit/README.md

This is an add-on that exposes your openHAB system as a bridge over the HomeKit protocol.

This integration **exports** openHAB Items to a HomeKit controller.

> Do not confuse this with the other HomeKit **binding** (https://www.openhab.org/addons/bindings/homekit/) which **imports** data from HomeKit accessories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not confuse this with the HomeKit **binding** (https://www.openhab.org/addons/bindings/homekit/) which **imports** data from HomeKit accessories so that you can control them directly from openHAB.
```
